Yeah, everybody. It's the Daily
Code. I'm Adam Curry and I'm
out some new
software today for the, what the
was called, the show. First of
let me
dog into the studio here. Come
Jess. Come on. Because the dog
to go outside. So I had put out
request for
software that I could actually
these recordings with and plenty
suggestions. Nothing exactly
I wanted.
One, a couple for GarageBand,
I did like. I did try out. And
know, you really can't do the
mix and
starting stuff in.
in starting songs and maybe
effects or audio bits.
If it's a timeline based
editor,
you really need just a couple of
that you can assign to sound
You have to be able to hit them
and the output needs to be
with the microphone channel into
MP3 file.
What I did like about GarageBand
was the great effects and the
effects
that I could use on the
Really sound good as opposed to
crappy sound
that I have now.
And I'm gonna explain a second
I'm using.
Hold on a second.
Dogs back in, would like to
explain. There's a, what I call
studio is a bar in one far end
the house and there's a
door open here that goes out
the back patio and into the
and Jesse, our biggest dog,
knows that that's a quick way
All right, other suggestions
Audion,
which again, you know, you can,
let you record an MP3 mix down,
playlist of songs
mixed together, which you could
over, which isn't quite what I'm
for. Acoustica,
which is something that Dave
on his site as a recommendation.
that's not what you're
looking for when we're doing
kind of stuff. That's a timeline
recorder and editor,
although great for pre-recording
and it's not really good for the
environment.
And then it hit me that really,
so many different
Um
Um...
applications that I use for
real-for-sound.
I may use iTunes for one reason,
for some of the digital signal
features.
I may just use a quick time
and other instances.
I can create the mix on my
almost, because I have a program
will record
my voice.
Maybe what I'm looking for is
a very small application that
actually record
a mic in channel or line in
a microphone channel, and then
else that's on
the speakers.
Anything.
There's got to be a way to hook
that somehow and the poor audio
whatever it
is on the Macintosh.
Anyway, I finally wound up using
365 Live.
I'm going to put a screenshot of
on my web log at live.curry.com.
hum because that interface
shows what I'm talking about and
really really
simple. There's a playlist
where you can put songs that
play in order or
that's where I just store the
of the day. There's two what
call cart machines
and you can load up an mp3 in
and hit a button that starts
and then
there's a mic channel that you
on or off and you can set your
and that's
basically it. The downside here
that I'm also pooping out 64
a second of
whatever to live 365 server
they've already sent over 2
but it does
let you record a copy of the
that you're sending up to their
as an mp3
on your desktop. So that's how
doing it today and that's what
me the opportunity
to play the song of the day
is something that's just perfect
a Sunday afternoon here
in Belgium. It's sunny and the
nice.
cool maybe for the summer but it
kind of gives you this type of
You just want
to hear a little bit of the
things.
I'm gonna bring your sides to
my eyes and shade to bring. I'm
dream in space.
To each of you, go back, let's
What did you do there? What did
feel there?
It's true, it's not the key is
It's hard to but it's hard, it's
to but it's hard
to but it's hard to but it's
I tell you what I do, I like to
there, I'll review you, you can
out school, what's that?
Why go to learn the world of
world?
It's all too beautiful to be
but you know my mind, it's not
for me to play slow about my
They all corrupt, you're not the
which my center path is free.
It's all too beautiful, it's all
beautiful, it's all too
it's all too beautiful.
It's all too beautiful, it's all
beautiful, it's all too
Well it's all too beautiful.
your good part. Small faces.
at this. Apparently,
the playlist is on repeat. Okay,
again, it's all about the
in this case,
and a couple of other items in
news. I just want to talk about
One is that
I woke up this morning and the
teletext, which is kind of like
newspaper on your
TV. It's kind of like web pages.
all have a number and the signal
sent along
with the television signal and
decoded. So you can actually
read text on your
television, hence the name
that in Arumaita in Iraq, which
in the southwestern
region where the Dutch troops
stationed.
that last night one soldier was
four were seriously wounded.
And the Folkskrant, which is one
the larger newspapers here,
the very left wing, was the only
online with the story,
see around 8 o'clock this
And for hours, and I haven't
just recently now,
it's at three in the afternoon,
know, there was nothing on
or AP or Reuters, there was just
about it.
And as a part of the coalition,
know, whether I agree with us
there or not,
that sucked, you know, it's
hey, come on, aren't we a part
the whole global group here or
And it also really hit home
I've been to that camp where
happened.
So, and I do remember of all the
we took, we all collectively
felt that we were
most unsafe there and we
did most of the walking there at
time and crossed
a platoon bridge. I believe that
all in out of my town. And yeah,
was kind of shocking.
It brings it all back. And
going on in Texas? The sixth
this year to die from the
flesh-eating bacteria. This is,
know, this is worrisome. See,
guy was pretty young too.
I think I was like 52 years old.
me see. Of course now I almost
no bandwidth left to
surf to stuff because I'm
my signal up to a live 365. But,
Bye.
Okay, never mind that, but
case of this weird flesh-eating
apparently
this guy, he was, I think it was
52 when he was a doctor.
He cut himself boating and it
infected, they had to amputate
knee, blow the knee,
and he died.
The bacteria ate him up.
I wouldn't mind knowing a little
more about that and how to avoid
And finally I released the iPod
script today, released being a
word.
But I got so fed up with just
this, I lost my scripts and
or compiled
them incorrectly so I couldn't
the real source back.
So I'd step back to a couple
ago which I'd saved.
I've gotten much better at that
and I reconstruct what I had
and of course
the script came out even better
it's working really nicely.
I figured alright now is the
to get it out there.
People look at it so you can
What is I've been talking about?
How I see a totally open market?
Because I'm on a Mac, I did it
on a Mac, it works on a Mac, but
iPod is also kind
of ours, right?
It's not that we let them use it
But just by connecting all these
I think it's really interesting
you fire
the script up and it does all
work for you.
All you have to know about as
who has an iPod and a Mac is
you receive new
audio shows automatically, you
have to do anything, no
no transferring,
just put your iPod in the dock
you're good to go.
And there's a million different
that I could have done better in
script and
it's not even really ready to
if you don't know what you're
in Apple Script.
You have to change the folder
where you want all the file
Download with caution is a link
it on my on my web log and
Tomorrow it's back to work again
more weeks of doing the morning
up until August 31st, and then
That's it. I'll be a free man
And looking forward to it, but
also have a lot of great guests
this week and I'm sure I'll
a lot as I
chat with them every morning
6 to 9 a.m. And
I'll be talking to you guys
Probably right after each show
day. I was thinking maybe I'm
him on my commute back to
Although doing all that with a
in the car is a
challenging again
Something to look at man, maybe
should I maybe I should do one
these while I'm flying home
All right
That's it for today. I'm going
leave you see how long I've been
this 13 minutes yet long enough
I want to get I actually wanted
play the FCC song
was it said Eric Idyllith?
think from Monty Python because
don't know if everyone's heard
or not.
But I'll just have to do that
So this was my source code for
August 15, 2004.
You can reach me at adam at
and my web log address is
I'll talk to you tomorrow.